They notice a difference cause I agree.
You know,
sometimes I'll be on tour and you go to a Vegan spot and I'll take my bus driver
in or my,
whoever's traveling with me and they're like,
oh man,
this is rough.
You know,
like they can't stand it.
Crossroads is not one of those spots where you're thinking about like,
man,
I might not enjoy this meal.
There's some good spots in la.
Has some great spots.
You ever go to follow your heart in the valley all the time,
right spot.
Yeah.
That's the spot close to home that I love.
Like follow your heart.
Uh,
shout out to Erewhon.
Everyone has like good vegan options.
Uh,
chef Edo who has a spot in downtown called Allach who took a vow of silence 22
years ago.
Yeah,
he's special man.
Yeah.
22 years ago.
Took a vow of silence and these done no more talking.
No more talking.
What in the fuck is that about?
Yeah,
so he just communicates if he has a lot to say or write it down.
But other than that,
you just read the lips and I know what he's saying,
but he,
he shows up to,
oh,
that's so crazy.
Yeah.
He takes a lot of photos.
So he'll show up to like punk or wraps or whatever.
Whatever show I'm playing.
He's in the pit with this camera,
this silent guy who doesn't say a word.
Yeah.
And it's,
his cooking is phenomenal.
So,
but yeah,
La,
we're spoiled with great,
great Vegan restaurant.
That's a fucking trip.
Yeah.
22 years of no talking.
He also does like this juicing where this year he juiced for 189 days with no
food.
Wow.
What did he get down to?
I think he was,
yeah,
he lost about 20 something pounds.
Fuck man.
He does it every year.
Wow.
Yeah.
He's trying to vanish.
Right.
I try to not talk.
I don't think I can do it.
Intermittent fasting is like as much as I can do.
Yeah.
I do that every night.
But that's the vow science.
It's frequent.
That silence is freaking me out.
Yeah.
He and I,
I've never really pried and kind of like asked a bunch of questions of why cause
they ain't even have to write a lot.
Yeah.
That too.
But no,
I've,
I've been around when people ask him and he just said he wanted a timeout for 22
years.
Yeah.
That's a serious fucking time out.
How old his homeboy,
he's gotta be probably in his fifties so almost half his life.
Yeah.
What the fuck man?
Yep.
But he spends Christmas with me,
spins Thanksgiving with my family and I,
oh,
that's cool.
Let's put everybody just smiles at them.
Yeah.
Everyone just smiles and waves basically.
He'd be a good guy to sit next to someone who's on coke.
Totally.
They would just talk as fucking Europe and he'd just be sitting there all
silent.
Yeah,
no,
I just blah blah blah.
Yeah.
Fuck man,
that is,
I've never even heard of anything like that.
Does he make any noises as you whistle?
No.
I've heard him snore at one time when he was laughing Hella hard.
But that was about as close as it gets.
So he doesn't laugh out loud like ha ha ha ha,
wow.
Nothing terrible comedy club,
audience member.
Yeah,
it would be rough.
He has a march two it's called March of silence.
That happens once a year where you have a bunch of them that basically,
you know that are,
and they're basically marching for the march of silence for like the cruelty of
animals and whatever else.
So yeah,
I like to have him on the podcast.
I see.
How long have you talked to him for?
Yeah,
just to see what,
what it would be like.
That's so strange.
It sounds cool.
I mean yeah,
I love that there's people like that out there though.
I do,
I love hearing those stories like the world needs him.
You know like when you said that I got excited,
the guy has been solid for 20 I'm like Whoa.
You know there's something about that.
It makes you go wow,
I was talking hell loud when I first met him.
He was like,
I can hear you.
You know,
I was like,
oh man.
Cause I was trying to wrap my head around,
you know,
no one did an introduction going,
hey,
this guy silent.
I just tell you no,
no.
Had no idea.
So I'm talking really loud and he like,
he like just whispers to me like mouse to me.
I can hear you now.
I was like,
okay.
Then I just figured out over time,
silent by choice.
Whew.
Yeah,
that's heavy.
What is he involved,
like heavy meditation or Buddhism or anything very strange like that.
Yeah,
he meditates.
I think he has like a lot of kind of Buddhist,
uh,
kind of qualities,
like kind of,
I think he,
if he had a lean in some kind of religion or practice,
who would be that?
Wow.
Yeah.
That's intense.
That's a serious commitment,
man.
Yeah.
I couldn't even imagine going 22 days without talking a day.
I think.
Any,
anything.
I think we'd catch ourselves.
It being very hard.
Ah,
I was going to get my tonsils and adenoids removed because I have sleep apnea
because I fat neck.
But,
uh,
I found a mouth piece that I couldn't sleep with that keeps my tongue from
falling over because I have a,
when when your neck is thick,
your wind hole is smaller believer or not.
Cause the more muscle you put in,
the small year your whole gets.
And then if you have a big tongue,
when you lay back,
you can actually block your airway.
Wow.
Yeah.
And so friends that I know have had their adenoids,
their tonsils removed and they actually take some of the soft tissue out of
your,
your passageway so you can breathe these here.
But the problem is you can't talk for like seven days.
Oh yeah.
That would probably be rough for you.
For me.
Yeah.
And then wonder if wide neck,
you know,
like that the Internet phenomenon that has the same problem I get that guy must
sleep terrible.
Yeah.
His neck starts up here.
It's crazy.
As neck starts at the top of his ears and works its way to his shoulders,
tonsils out as a,
uh,
it's a bum out.
I did that.
Did you,
did you have taught Salinas or,
um,
now,
you know what I had is I had,
I was smoking tons of weed,
right.
Like,
but I would smoke backwoods,
like I loved the woods,
so everything I got him right here.
Yeah.
So I'd smoke about 20,
20 backwards a day.
Yeah.
And I was recording an album,
uh,
with the transplants and then I turned to skinhead rob and I was like,
Yo,
I think,
I think I have something,
like something's lodged in my throat.
Like I could barely breathe right now.
And um,
kept smoking,
didn't even,
you know,
I didn't,
I didn't really know what was going on.
And then I went to the hospital that night and they rushed me to another
hospital to get my tonsils removed because they were like twice the size of
these should be.
And then I had a throat infection and then it comes to find out I had what's
called like Barrett's Esophagus,
which is like pre cancer row lining my esophagus from smoking.
And I don't know,
I guess just abuse over the years.
So that was,
that's what led to my tonsils being pulled out.